Goku's true strength
bursts forth
in his fierce battle
against Ginyu.
95,000...!
I-Impossible!
110,000!
"Full Power, Son Goku!
A Trembling Ginyu's Secret
Plan?!"
1-120,000... 130,000...
1-140,000...!
1-150,000! This can't be!
1-180,000!
U-Unbelievable! This
is your true power?!
N-No wonder we couldn't beat
him. How can a Saiyan be so
strong?
Let me be clear.
This still ain't the sort of
power I can put out for short
moments.
W-What?!
D-Don't tell me...
Don't tell me you're a...
...S-Super Saiyan?!
That's what Vegeta
was saying, too.
But I've got no
idea what it means.
A Super Saiyan?
The all-powerful warrior of
legend?!
How can that be?!
He's... he's...
...a Super Saiyan, the one thing
that Freeza-sama fears?!
I hate to say it, but
you can't beat me.
I want to avoid any
unnecessary fighting.
You guys, get off
of this planet!
What? Do you
seriously mean that?
I mean it.
Especially with you being a
warrior who fights fairer than I
expected.
I don't want to kill you.
You don't want to kill me?
He says he wants to avoid
unnecessary fighting?
Get off of this planet?
A-A Super Saiyan
is supposed to be
the mightiest warrior
in the universe,
one who relishes
blood and battle.
Then that's it!
You are not a Super
Saiyan, are you?
You have not fully
become a Super Saiyan!
I see, so you are
not a Super Saiyan.
You don't say.
Grand Elder, it's Nail-san!
Why have you returned? I ordered
you to help the earthlings, did
I not?
I am terribly sorry,
but with respect, my ultimate
duty is to defend your life,
Grand Elder.
But...
Grand Elder, if you die,
the Dragon Balls will disappear,
too.
If that happens, the earthlings
will not have their wish
granted.
There it is!
Bulma-san!
We need the Dragon Radar!
Geez... Every moment counts,
but right when we really
need her, she's never around.
Kuririn-san, over here.
That's a jet-bike track.
Where could Bulma-san
have gone on a jet-bike?
Let's go after her! We have
to get the Radar from her
and find the Balls before
we run out of time!
Right!
That must be it.
Sure enough, they've finally
gotten wind of this place.
They're almost here.
Dende, come here.
Right.
Now go, Dende.
The earthlings need you.
I have drawn out your power,
so you should reach them
in a short amount of time.
--B-But...
--Hurry and get going.
Very well. Grand Elder,
please don't die.
Will I be killed first, or
will my time come first?
No matter. I will leave
the speck of dust alone.
He is here.
Do you want something?
My name is Freeza, and
I have a certain wish
that I would like to have
granted with the Dragon Balls.
I have gotten all
seven of them together,
but I just cannot seem
to have my wish granted.
And so, I would like
you to tell me...
What shall I do to
have my wish granted?
I must ask you to leave. I
cannot tell that to someone who
is evil.
I think it would be better
for you to be more amiable.
There is no reason for
me not to kill you.
There are two of
you here, right?
I can get my answer
from either one of you.
Then that's what you should do.
But before we fight, I
will tell you this much:
The other one, inside the house,
is the Grand Elder of the
Namekians.
The Dragon Balls were
created by the Grand Elder.
Now listen, and get
this into your head:
If you kill the Grand Elder,
the Dragon Balls will disappear,
too.
Grand Elder...?
Hmm, indeed.
You appear to be
telling the truth.
He is indeed different
from the other Namekians.
Grand Elder, I suppose you have
no intention of telling me,
either.
However, I doubt you will
be able to keep it from me
once this man is on
the verge of dying.
Nail will not be defeated
as easily as you think.
He is the strongest warrior-type
Namekian on the planet.
He is not like the other
Namekians you have killed up to
now.
Apparently, you do not wish
to tell me, no matter what.
It is in your hands, Nail.
Please buy as much time as you
can.
Understood.
Very well. If you are
going to be this unkind,
I will show you
how terrifying I,
the greatest warrior in
the universe, can be!
As you have probably noticed...
...the Grand Elder's
life is near its end.
If we fight here, and he
is caught in the crossfire,
it will not serve you, either.
Let's change locations.
I doubt that the battle
will become that serious,
but very well.
Wherever you like.
Forgive me, Nail.
Please, try to hold out at least
until Dende reaches the
earthlings.
At this point, the fate of
this world is in their hands.
What are you laughing at?
How can I not laugh,
with someone as strong
as you are here?
So why are you laughing?
Because I, Ginyu, am so glad
that I've met someone so
much stronger than I am!
--Jheese!
--Y-Yes, sir!
S-So that's it! Commander
Ginyu is about to...
Hold on tight to my Scouter,
so that you don't drop it.
That's it, all right.
How far are we going?
Enough, already!
There is no need to go
any farther than this!
Right.
My, my, there certainly are
a lot of people on this planet
who want to die. What
is a person to do?
This is amazing. Your battle
power has risen to 42,000.
I see. You truly do
seem to be different
from the other
Namekians up to now.
You have surprised me. That is
an outstanding battle power.
I can see why you would
be called a warrior-type.
Enough that I would like
you as one of my own.
However, just for
your information,
as the opponent you
are about to fight,
shall I first inform
you of my battle power?
My battle power...
...is 530,000.
However, you need not worry.
I do not, of course, plan to
fight you with my full power.
What?!
I know. I will fight using
only my left arm for you.
That might be
somewhat entertaining.
Enough!
That will not do, will it?
And here I stretched
out my neck for you,
so you would be certain to hit
it, and this is the best you
have?
Oh, but then, at 42,000,
I suppose that is to be
expected.
Oh my, that was quite
unmannerly of me.
I will return it to you.
It might be better for you not
to strain yourself, might it
not?
I do think that it would
be best if you told me,
before you get killed.
Oh, this is a surprise!
You can regenerate yourself?
However, while you may be back
to normal, your plight is the
same.
It seems you are unable to
regenerate your strength,
though.
Your battle power has fallen.
My, my, even after being
shown how great a difference
there is between you and me,
you still wish to continue?
My word, I have
absolutely no idea
what the people of this
world are thinking.
I won't let you...
I won't let you...!
What is this?! What?!
Does this planet have
something against me?!
This time I've had it for sure!
Lucky! If I can make
it inside that cave...
A little farther...
I-I made it! I'm saved!
H-Huh? Am I saved?
You meanie! You meanie!
I'm done for sure now!
Farewell, everyone!
Ow!
Eh? What? What happened?
No! Stay back! You perv!
You letch! You idiot! You fiend!
--You moron! You sicko!
--B-Bulma-san!
G-Gohan-kun...? Th-Then...
Th-That was mean, Bulma-san.
What are you guys up to?!
No sooner do you show up
out of nowhere with Vegeta
and take the Dragon Ball, than
you head off again somewhere
else!
Just what is going on here?!
Do you think you can get away
with leaving a delicate young
lady
all alone in a dangerous
place like this?!
Y-Yeah, but we just saved you
from those dinosaurs, didn't we?
B-Bulma-san, we need
the Dragon Radar!
If we're lucky, we can
get our wish granted!
What?! You still haven't
gotten our wish granted?!
I saw on the Radar that all
seven of them were together,
so I figured you had collected
them all, and I was on my way
over!
And what is this now?!
Good grief. What are you
dilly-dallying around for?
D-Dilly-dallying. Right.
Bulma-san, excuse me.
Kuririn-san, I found them!
They're in that direction!
All right, let's go!
Hey! Tell me what's going on!
We're in a hurry now,
so we'll tell you later!
Bulma-san, please wait
for us back on that island!
Huh?! You've gotta be kidding
me! Do you expect me to walk
back?!
What is this! What is this?!
Oh, yeah! Father is here!
Eh? Really?
So, how about it?
Has he gotten even stronger?
Gohan, let's hurry!
Right!
Son-kun, huh?
I never thought he'd
grow up to be so dashing.
Yamucha's supposed to be my
boyfriend, and all we ever do is
fight.
Maybe I missed the boat.
W-What are you...?!
What the...?
Y-You may not be...
a Super Saiyan...
...b-but I like... that
strong body of yours...
Y-You like it?
S-Sure enough,
Commander Ginyu is going to do
it.
I-Incredible. Where in that body
of his did he get this much
power?
H-Here it comes...
Ch-Change!!
Heya! I'm Goku!
What in the world is going on?
I see me, right before my eyes!
Starting next episode, I, Ginyu,
will be taking your place
as the main character.
What do you think about
"Ginyu Special Corps Kai:
Freeza-sama and His Merry Men"?
I don't think anything of it!
I don't want my father
to be anything like that!
Next time on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
"Surprise! Goku is Ginyu
and Ginyu is Goku?!"
You good earthling boys and
girls, make sure to watch it!